OSDOCS-16940: DITA other Vale fixes for OLM admin/user topics (#115360)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-preparing-upgrade.adoc

You cannot change installed Operators to a channel that is older than the current channel.
====

Red Hat Customer Portal Labs provide tools that help administrators prepare to update their Operators.

> You can use these tools to search for Operator Lifecycle Manager-based Operators and verify the available Operator version per update channel across different versions of {product-title}. Cluster Version Operator-based Operators are not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these tools to search for Operators and verify the available Operator versions per update channel across different releases of {product-title}. Operators managed by Cluster Version Operator (CVO) are not included.
```

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/labs/ocpouic/[Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Operator Update Information Checker]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://access.redhat.com/labs/ocpouic/[{product-title} Operator Update Information Checker]
```
